h1. C# Objects for use with "ESRI Flex API":http://help.arcgis.com/en/webapi/flex/index.html.

I thought there might be some interest in these, since I couldn't find any samples when I needed them.
These are the basic ESRI Flex objects you would use in an ESRI Flex application that you can use in a Remote Object service of your choice.

For example, in the ESRI Flex API, the class FeatureSet has a RemoteAlias defined.
[RemoteClass(alias="com.esri.ags.FeatureSet")]
public class FeatureSet{...}

Then in your RemoteObject Service, we have a C# counterpart class called com.esri.ags.FeatureSet.
This means, you can create an instance of this class in your service and return the raw FeatureSet and your Flex application will atomatically serialize the Remote FeatureSet to the ESRI Flex counterpart. Pretty cool right?

Here is a quick sample of how you would parse an ArcObjects Polygon to an ESRI Flex API compatible Polygon.
@ESRI.ArcGIS.Geometry.Polygon poly = (Polygon)m_geom; // Some previous polygon geometry retrieved using ArcObjects@
@com.esri.ags.geometry.Polygon pg = new com.esri.ags.geometry.Polygon();@
@pg.rings = new com.esri.ags.geometry.MapPoint[1][];@
@for (int i = 0; i < count; i++) {@
@	ESRI.ArcGIS.Geometry.IPoint pt = poly.get_Point(i);@
@	mp[i] = new com.esri.ags.geometry.MapPoint(pt.X, pt.Y, m_sr);@
@}@
@pg.rings[0] = mp;@

So far, these are working for my current needs. Please feel free to use and update as needed.


For more information about the ESRI Flex API, please visit http://help.arcgis.com/en/webapi/flex/index.html

h3. Disclaimer
Please visit the "ESRI Flex API dowload page":http://resources.arcgis.com/content/arcgis-flex-api-how-to-download

I am not employed or affiliated with ESRI beyond being a user of their products.

Enjoy.

h2. License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.